Fix 3661 drag with modifiers (#3671)
beeware/toga: changes/3661.bugfix.rst

> Mouse drag now works when modifier keys (e.g. Num Lock, Shift) are active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On GTK, mouse drag events are now triggered when modifier keys (e.g. Num Lock, Shift) are active.
```
